add site with info about live stream (#59)
distribits/distribits-2024-website: content/livestream.md

---
title: "Live Stream"
menu: "main"
weight: 2
---

## Watch the conference online

Join us virtually in two live streams on April 4th and April 5th via the [DataLad YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@DataLad/streams)!

* Live stream of conference day 1: [Take me there](https://youtube.com/live/BwRy3z_hQ70?feature=share)
* Live stream of conference day 2: [Take me there](https://youtube.com/live/L1MKaUgg1xs?feature=share)

> During and after a talk, you can ask questions via the [Distribits meeting Q&A](https://matrix.to/#/!zgDTuNhNsLsAWNOtcs:matrix.org?via=matrix.org&via=matrix.uni-marburg.de&via=inm7.de) Matrix Room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During and after a talk, you can ask questions via the **Distribits meeting Q&A** Matrix Room. The link to this room has been sent to all attendees via email
```

To remain consistent with the virtual participation being under the CoC and the youtube comments being disabled, should we not remove the link to the matrix channel from the website?

Author: that would also work for me :+1:, thanks for the suggestion. Given that not too many people have joined the space, though, I wonder if we should send a reminder about this so that people have it at the top of their inbox. Alternatively, there is a link in the logistics slides (but we would need to host the slides somewhere to make it actually useful)

Reviewer: I think another reminder email makes sense yes.
